but it displeased Jonah exceedingly and
but it displeased Jonah exceedingly and he became angry
he became angry
he became angry so he prayed to the Lord Lord was not
so he prayed to the Lord Lord was not
so he prayed to the Lord Lord was not this what I said when I was still in my
this what I said when I was still in my
this what I said when I was still in my country therefore I fled previously to
country therefore I fled previously to
country therefore I fled previously to Tarshish for I know that you are a
Tarshish for I know that you are a
Tarshish for I know that you are a gracious and merciful God slow to anger
gracious and merciful God slow to anger
gracious and merciful God slow to anger and abundant and loving kindness one who
and abundant and loving kindness one who
and abundant and loving kindness one who relents from doing harm
relents from doing harm
relents from doing harm therefore now oh lord please take my
therefore now oh lord please take my
therefore now oh lord please take my life from me for it is better for me to
life from me for it is better for me to
life from me for it is better for me to die than to live
die than to live
die than to live is it right for you to be angry so Jonah
is it right for you to be angry so Jonah
is it right for you to be angry so Jonah went out of the city and sat on the east
went out of the city and sat on the east
went out of the city and sat on the east side of the city there he made himself a
side of the city there he made himself a
side of the city there he made himself a shelter and sat under it in the shade
shelter and sat under it in the shade
shelter and sat under it in the shade till he might see what would become of
till he might see what would become of
till he might see what would become of the city and the Lord God prepared a
the city and the Lord God prepared a
the city and the Lord God prepared a plant and made it come up over Jonah
plant and made it come up over Jonah
plant and made it come up over Jonah that it might be shade for his head to
that it might be shade for his head to
that it might be shade for his head to deliver him from his misery so Jonah was
deliver him from his misery so Jonah was
deliver him from his misery so Jonah was very grateful for the plant but as
very grateful for the plant but as
very grateful for the plant but as morning dawn the next day God prepared a
morning dawn the next day God prepared a
morning dawn the next day God prepared a worm and itself damaged the plant that
worm and itself damaged the plant that
worm and itself damaged the plant that it's with us and it happened when the
it's with us and it happened when the
it's with us and it happened when the Sun arose that God prepared a vehement
Sun arose that God prepared a vehement
Sun arose that God prepared a vehement east wind and the Sun beat on Jonah's
east wind and the Sun beat on Jonah's
east wind and the Sun beat on Jonah's head so that he grew faint then he
head so that he grew faint then he
head so that he grew faint then he wished death for himself it is better
wished death for himself it is better
wished death for himself it is better for me to die than to live is it right
for me to die than to live is it right
for me to die than to live is it right for you to be angry about the plant it
for you to be angry about the plant it
for you to be angry about the plant it is right for me to be angry even to
is right for me to be angry even to
is right for me to be angry even to death you have had pity on the plant for
death you have had pity on the plant for
death you have had pity on the plant for which you have not labored nor made it
which you have not labored nor made it
which you have not labored nor made it grow which came up in a night and
grow which came up in a night and
grow which came up in a night and perished in a night
perished in a night
perished in a night and should I not pity Nineveh that great
and should I not pity Nineveh that great
and should I not pity Nineveh that great city in which are more than 120,000
city in which are more than 120,000
city in which are more than 120,000 persons who cannot discern between their
persons who cannot discern between their
persons who cannot discern between their right hand and their left and much
right hand and their left and much
right hand and their left and much livestock
you
you [Music]